don't be nervous when you pass this test
you are a high school graduate okay go
get him public school is just an
institution for low expectations
hey homeschooling me walking through
those doors is gonna change my life
forever like some supernova explosion of
love
and you might test back
you failed you failed homeschool it's
kind of time for me to maybe go to
public school my name is Liam Heep I'm
here to win over the one-legged girl
well new kid on the block
if girls they just they dicks and I'm
gonna be Anastasia's dick
[Music]
hold the telephone
you're rebelling that's what this is
what are outlets the teens were belt
with swearing skipping school getting my
nose pierced no way no way that is
permanent hey kid you want some candy
this is a supervised first try it's
Bernie it's Bernie Sanders she likes you
what does that mean for me not good for
you
forget about school it's time to party
[Applause]
high five
[Music]
[Applause]
I feel like a pretty cool kid you have a
very cool mother
[Music]